OSDOCS-14356-New: Added bond best practices info to networking docs (#93160)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-static-network.adoc

Reviewer: Maybe there is an extra kwarg to set secondary slave MAC.

Author: Removed:

> bond=bond0:em1,em2:mode=active-backup

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

Reviewer: Was this updated?

[id="installation-user-infra-machines-static-network_{context}"]
= Advanced {op-system} installation reference

[role="_abstract"]

> This section illustrates the networking configuration and other advanced options that allow you to modify the {op-system-first} manual installation process. The following tables describe the kernel arguments and command-line options you can use with the {op-system} live installer and the `coreos-installer` command.

Reviewer 2: [Avoid self-referential language.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xRc_licMTbLrLG9vmJ4bP9aPk6mzwwly5lGlkRz9d9s/edit?tab=t.0)

Second sentence doesn't belong?. 

```suggestion
You can configure networking and other advanced options that allow you to modify the {op-system-first} manual installation process. 

The following tables describe the kernel arguments and command-line options you can use with the {op-system} live installer and the `coreos-installer` command.
```

[source,terminal]
----
bond=bond0:enp1s0,enp2s0:mode=active-backup
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:bond0:none ip=enp1s0:none::00:1A:4A:16:01:5A ip=enp2s0:none::00:1A:4A:16:01:5A

> ----

Reviewer: Oops, this it wrong,  Revert this.  This was not a  bonding config.

We want the original:
```shell
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:enp1s0:none
ip=::::core0.example.com:enp2s0:none
```

* When you create a bonded interface using `bond=`, you must specify how the IP address is assigned and other
information for the bonded interface.
+
** To configure the bonded interface to use DHCP, set the bond's IP address to `dhcp`. For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
ip=bond0:dhcp
----
+
** To configure the bonded interface to use a static IP address, enter the specific IP address you want and related information. For example:
ifndef::ibm-z[]
+
[source,terminal]
----
ip=10.10.10.2::10.10.10.254:255.255.255.0:core0.example.com:bond0:none
----
endif::ibm-z[]
ifdef::ibm-z[]
+
[source,terminal]
----
bond=bond0:enp1s0,enp2s0:mode=active-backup
ip=bond0:dhcp
ip=:::::enp1s0:none:00:1A:4A:16:01:5A
ip=:::::enp2s0:none:00:1A:4A:16:01:5A
----

> Always set the `fail_over_mac=1` option in active-backup mode, to avoid problems when shared OSA/RoCE cards are used.

Reviewer: So this is a problem.  This is IBM-Z specific, but it means we have to adjust the other file below, since technically we support `fail_over_mac=1`

[source,terminal]
----
bond=bond0:em1,em2:mode=active-backup

> fail_over_mac=1

Reviewer 3: This is an unsupported value for fail_over_mac.

Also, this won't work as written. It needs to be part of the colon-separated list on the bond= line. That said, the default value is 0, which is what we recommend anyway, so I'm not sure we even need to explicitly include this option.
